[TWINKLING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Candace Silvers
is a human behavioral
expert and lifestyle coach.
She continues her work out
of LA on the other side
of the globe now
in the documentary
"The Sixth Floor -
Expanding Possibility."
In this film,
seeing is believing,
with jaw-dropping footage as
we witnessed Balinese master
healers at work.
Today, Candace and
I connect the dots
between these sacred
healing modalities,
and the brain, the body,
the behavior, and us, here
in America.
Because that's the part
that has to be made.
Not everybody can go to Bali,
but wow, the ones who can have
had some really
amazing experiences.
So welcome.
>>CANDACE SILVERS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: It's good to see you.
Last time I saw you was about
10 years ago in your home.
>>SILVERS: Correct.
>>REGINA: Long time ago.
>>SILVERS: I remember.
It was fun.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it was fun.
And so now we're
here, and you've
had these incredible
experiences that
have been documented in this
film that we just mentioned.
But for those of you who
are new to your work,
as it's a whole new audience
with Gaia, some whom
will know you, some
whom will not, let's
start here with
the whole journey
and how you started
really observing behavior
in a deeper way than
some might by being
in the company of your father.
The wild and crazy people-- the
man we know is Phil Silvers,
right?
And let's talk about
your childhood,
and how that began for
you, and how you began
became intrigued with behavior.
Because you were in a world
that was really fantasy,
for the most part, and then
reality on another level.
>>SILVERS: Yeah, I don't
think I knew the difference.
I don't think there--
for me, my father on TV and
my father standing next to me
were the same.
So without knowing that
R-E-A-L and R-E-E-L--
well, flip that.
Because TV was R-E-E-L,
and my father was R-E-A-L.
But they were the same to me.
And I didn't know--
I didn't know I
didn't know, but I
didn't know that
what I was seeing
wasn't actually happening.
I mean, to this day, I
can't see a scary movie
because I don't know how
to see that as not real.
>>REGINA: Well, I think that's--
I mean, first of all, I think
that is part of being human,
that we're all living in
some sort of illusion.
You just got literally the
Hollywood version of it.
>>SILVERS: To some degree.
I think that might have been
the entrance into something
that was going on
that I didn't know.
And that was that I was
born with the ability
to understand human behavior.
I didn't see the outsides.
I still don't, and that
can get me into trouble.
But what someone is saying
when their lips aren't moving.
Their body language, how they
hold their hand or blink,
tells me what, neurologically,
is going on for them,
as well as what it's
going to produce.
>>REGINA: So even when
you're a little kid,
you had these abilities.
So what is it like
living in a land that
is known for extreme
behaviors because it requires
an extreme talent to
come out of people to be
able to live in that world?
>>SILVERS: My stock answer is
I didn't know the difference.
People would say,
what's it like to have
your father be so famous?
And I would say,
what's it like to have
your father be a plumber?
>>REGINA: Be an
insurance salesman.
>>SILVERS: [LAUGHS] So I think
I didn't know I didn't know.
>>REGINA: You didn't know
that the people were acting,
perhaps, in more extreme
ends of behavioral--
>>SILVERS: I just
knew I didn't like it.
>>REGINA: OK, tell me that part.
>>SILVERS: Well, I watched--
in Beverly Hills
High School in 1979,
children were
committing suicide.
And that was long
before it became,
unfortunately, culturally
average, where--
>>REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit,
because this is a part of
life I think a lot of people
don't comprehend
because they've never
been cast in these circles.
About--
>>SILVERS: Distress?
>>REGINA: --the
notion of what happens
when people are in extremely
either high profile
or privileged positions or
highly moneyed positions.
So many of them end up so lost.
>>SILVERS: I don't
think that's just
Beverly Hills or Hollywood.
>>REGINA: No, it's in the world.
>>SILVERS: I think it was
prevalent at that time where it
wasn't necessarily so
prevalent in other areas that--
the head of Universal Studios'
son went to school with us.
And Dean Martin's kid--
I mean, just everybody.
It was a very small town,
and we all knew each other.
And it wasn't,
how are you today?
It was, what does
your father do?
What kind of car does he drive?
>>REGINA: So how can
you ever keep up?
>>SILVERS: Is my house
bigger than your house?
You can't keep up.
I couldn't keep up.
It wasn't something
you could keep up with.
But it didn't take my attention.
I was born a vegetarian with
a lisp who couldn't read well
who wanted to dance.
And I had four sisters
who were debaters
and straight-A students
who were meat eaters
and didn't have a lisp.
And it was very clear
that I was different
from the very beginning,
even from my twin sister.
>>REGINA: Yeah, you
think about that
and what you just
said about the way
the kids would respond and
interact with each other.
Now, fortunately, you
had your own little gig
going on as a soul.
But, I mean, just to build some
compassion, a bit of compassion
here.
Because oftentimes
people tend to be
less compassionate
with those who
seem to be endowed with
more in the material world.
And the reality is,
that has a huge price
tag that comes with it.
>>SILVERS: I think no matter who
we are, we come a full package.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>SILVERS: Whether we
come with nothing--
but that causes
some of that drive
to go beyond the self to
see and be inquisitive.
We come with too much.
And I think there's an Einstein
in every mental institution.
They just couldn't have one
foot in the future, which
they could see clearly.
One foot in the present
that they belong to,
consciously or unconsciously.
And they weren't
able to bring it back
where the people in the
present could understand it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
believe that, too.
>>SILVERS: And in order to numb
them and get them to fit in,
and they felt
insane because they
knew they knew what they knew,
but they couldn't share it.
>>REGINA: Right, and
I agree with that.
That would be my
observation, too.
And I think I'm just
picking on this one area
because it's a glimpse inside
something most people don't
see, and that is
there's this thing
that happens in people once
they, no matter who they are,
have made their
mark in the world.
That it takes a fair amount
of will, or focus, ego--
all of these things--
to get to that place.
>>SILVERS: Well, they're
good at what they're good at.
>>REGINA: They're good
at what they're good at.
>>SILVERS: But what about the
things they're not good at?
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm saying.
>>SILVERS: And we point
to what you're good at.
And if you're good at that,
and you have money, property,
and prestige, then
you should just
be good at all
these other things.
>>REGINA: And that's not true.
>>SILVERS: Ever.
>>REGINA: And then
you stop and think
that that is what
they're good at.
And that means not necessarily
stepping aside and spending
the rest of your time nurturing
the genius in your children.
>>SILVERS: I think we're
all put on the planet
for the same reason.
And I think we are all
doing the exact same thing
from, Mother Teresa to Hitler
to Jeffrey Dahmer to Gandhi,
is from the moment we take our
first breath until the moment
after our last breath,
the only thing we all
have in common is learning.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: We are learning
to take that breath.
We are learning
what we don't know.
We're learning that we're too
good in this area, but don't--
I can make $100 million
a year, but my wife
is having an affair
with the pool man.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVERS: Why, if
I'm so good over here,
does she not love me?
So we have no choice but to be
ushered into the beyond what
I know because the pain of
not being able to get access
to my wife or whatever
that is causes
us to have to go looking.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So you went looking, OK?
And so now this part of
your journey-- and we're
going to be showing
clips of this film.
This part of your journey--
>>SILVERS: By the
way, I had nothing
to do with this documentary.
>>REGINA: That's OK.
>>SILVERS: Nothing.
>>REGINA: You're in it.
>>SILVERS: It was filmed.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You're in it, and
it has these people,
and these Balinese
healers, which
you have taken people to see.
You are involved with them.
You have trained with them.
And so production
quality, whatever aside--
we don't talk about that.
We're talking about the content.
So where in your journey
did the real healer portion
start coming to the forefront,
and what then took you
into indigenous lands?
>>SILVERS: Great questions.
So I have been healing
people my whole life.
And I've been hiding it from
everyone because I was already
different enough.
And I didn't know what I
knew or what I didn't know.
I started Kundalini
yoga when I was 15.
I started meditating at 15.
This was not only not
in our society anywhere,
it was really frowned upon.
I did Kundalini
yoga with the Sikhs,
and knew if my
mother found out, I
would be told I
could never go back.
So I lied and said I was
going to dance class.
People would come to me and
say, I have to have surgery.
And I'd wave my hand
over them, and they
didn't need the surgery.
But I didn't tell anyone
because how do you
tell someone you could
do that, and how do you
believe that you did that?
>>REGINA: Right.
Did you know how you
were doing that at all?
>>SILVERS: I knew I could do it.
I didn't know how I was doing.
>>REGINA: You didn't
know how it worked.
>>SILVERS: But I could cause it,
and I could teach it to people.
And I have thousands and
thousands of clients.
And they knew I could
do it because they
were open to it
because they were part
of seeing the miracles that I
was able to produce with all
of our company together that
allowed them to experience, OK,
we've gone through the mirror.
We've gone beyond our
minds because that doesn't
happen when I'm thinking.
And I can't produce
it with desire.
To desire is to give
birth to, to "de-sire."
To sire, to give birth to.
And I can't make my
mind desire that.
I can only find
myself present there.
And so they wanted
more and more of that.
I would raise my
hand and say, avatar.
And what would seem like a 747
jet would fly through my home.
And I'd have 50 or 60
people sitting there.
And God's very kind to me
in that God-nature totality
in that he's allowed me
to have people present.
And a lot of it's been filmed.
And so I'm not one of those
people in a mental institution
feeling like right a blathering
idiot, but some of them
have been able to
connect the dots.
>>REGINA: But how
long did it take
before you could speak publicly
about it without feeling
like you'd be humiliated?
>>SILVERS: Once I
went to Bali and I
began to study in this
hospital with Ratu Nabe.
And he began to teach me how
to bring his healing through.
>>REGINA: So it's as though
you had the raw talent,
but you can't say, oh,
I know how to do this.
You had to go find someone
who was already validated,
so to speak, and had methods.
>>SILVERS: Well, not
validated in America.
I mean, he's--
>>REGINA: No, but for you.
>>SILVERS: Yes.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and teach
you this method so you could
come back and say, I have this.
>>SILVERS: I have been healing
people for the last 20,
25 years, and those
that do come to me
are very clear that it
works, and it happens.
I've been able to train several
people to be able to do this--
my healing that comes through.
Now--
>>REGINA: Then why did you
go do the indigenous thing?
>>SILVERS: I didn't.
>>REGINA: What happened?
>>SILVERS: Just like the
documentary I didn't make,
someone said to me, I'm going
with you on this retreat,
and I've been with you 10 times.
And I would like to
know if I can film it.
She's a client for
10 years, and she
was a producer on
"Beast of No Nations,"
and I really believed
in her integrity.
So I thought, film it.
I never let people film it
because it's not logical.
My interest is not to get
it to people that want
to laugh and make fun of it.
My interest is
create the red carpet
or the Red Sea's
parting that allow
us to find ourselves here.
So I said to Tommee May, you are
absolutely welcome to film it,
having no idea would
ever become anything.
The same way, I got to Bali--
I was in India.
It was my seventh or eighth
year doing retreats in India.
And I ran into an American
man in an ashram meditating.
And he looked at
me, and he said,
have you ever been to Bali?
And I said, no.
He said, do you want to go?
He said, here's a business
card of a driver there.
If you ever go, call him.
And three years later, I
looked at one of my assistants,
and I said, does
anybody have that card?
And Leslie pulled it out
and said, I found it.
And I said, call him.
Set up a retreat.
>>REGINA: It's time.
>>SILVERS: It's time.
And a few months later,
25 of us were in Bali.
And at that point,
we met Cokorda Rai.
And I took with me three
clients who were very ill.
One with HIV, one
with Graves' disease,
and one with a brain tumor.
My 25-year-old client
with a brain tumor,
they said that she
was going blind
and would not be able
to have children.
>>REGINA: So they were
kind of at their wits' end
at this point.
Well, I shouldn't say that.
>>SILVERS: They
were in a quandary.
>>REGINA: They
OK.
>>SILVERS: They were
all in their 20s.
>>REGINA: Had they gone
through medical treatment,
or are they thinking, we
can do it this magical way?
>>SILVERS: No, no, no.
They were all free
in medical treatment.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SILVERS: And I said, if
you go to Bali with me--
and I don't know why say
these things, Regina.
And I don't know
why they happen.
And I don't know.
But I said, if you
go to Bali with me--
this was our first time going.
I said, you'll all
come back healed.
>>REGINA: That's a big promise.
It's a good thing
you delivered, huh?
>>SILVERS: How do you know?
They all came back healed.
And when we got back, I said
to Darwin, go check your HIV.
And two weeks later,
I said, did you do it?
And he goes, Candace, once you
have HIV, it doesn't go away,
so no one's going
to check it again.
I said, hey, silly.
Go down the street where
they don't know you
and have it checked.
So two weeks later, I'm like,
why is he not calling me?
I called him.
Well, I went, he said.
But they lost my blood test.
I said, Darwin, they didn't
lose your blood test.
They're in a quandary.
They have no idea
what's going on.
So I said, call them back again.
And sure enough, they
said, we can't find it.
We need to retest you.
So he went back again.
And three weeks later,
they called him and said,
we don't know what to
make of this because--
it's like you're either
pregnant or you're not.
You can't be a little pregnant.
And they said, if you have
HIV, all nine cylinders
show that secretion for HIV.
And if you don't,
none of them do.
And they said, yours
are only showing six.
So you've actually
broken the chain,
and we don't understand it.
And this was 10 or 11 years ago.
Long before we've
gotten to the brilliance
we've gotten to now
with modern medicine.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVERS: And the girl
with Graves' disease,
now it's been 10 years.
She doesn't have
Graves' disease anymore.
And the girl with the
brain tumor-- gone.
At that time, I hadn't
met Ratu Nabe yet.
We only had one healer there.
I have 15 or 20 healers
I use there now.
But we only had Ratu Nabe--
I mean, I'm sorry, Cokorda.
And I can't tell you how it
happened except that my work--
if you know Sanskrit,
they say that Sanskrit
is the only non-describing
language on the planet,
and every other
language describes.
I am Candace.
You are Regina.
We are going there.
>>REGINA: As
opposed to Sanskrit.
>>SILVERS: Nothing is present.
Sanskrit invokes.
And if you say the word,
you're actually invoking.
There's no thought,
there is just cause.
And for some strange reason, I--
>>REGINA: In Sanskrit, how
would you, for example, present
yourself and your name?
What would that sound like?
>>SILVERS: Oh, I have no idea.
I don't know Sanskrit.
>>REGINA: No, I mean
spiritually, so to speak.
You wouldn't say, I am?
>>SILVERS: No, you would--
>>REGINA: I am Candace, OK.
I am Candace.
>>SILVERS: No, not I am,
because I am is over there.
I am is pointing to.
>>REGINA: So what did they say?
What would they say?
>>SILVERS: Candace.
>>REGINA: Just Candace.
Don't identify or describe.
>>SILVERS: Where you're
located isn't Candace.
Candace.
It's Candace.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SILVERS: I am--
>>REGINA: That's
interesting, yeah.
>>SILVERS: --isn't necessary
because Candace is.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVERS: And for
some strange reason,
over these last 30
years, I have come
to terms with that I
am teaching Sanskrit.
But when you first
come to me, it
can be a little
discombobulating or frustrating
because I don't
talk about things.
I cause them.
And after five or 10 weeks of
practicing with me, so can you.
I teach a class once a year--
hundreds of people--
called the Foundation.
It is the eight tools
that I use to teach how
to go from thought to heart.
So I always say,
head below heart.
Head, intellect.
State, below heart, church.
Center, where we're
all connected.
And when the head,
the intellect, it's
below the heart in a
bow, the heart is louder.
It will take you
anywhere you want to go.
The first time you have
a thought about that,
or a condition to that,
or a opinion about it,
you're back to your head.
>>REGINA: Expectation,
all of it, yeah.
>>SILVERS: And it's very
dangerous for people
not to be in their
heads because we're
trained to be in her heads.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: But after 10 days--
I just got back from a
10-day retreat in Marrakesh
with my clients.
And after 10 days of being in--
because I work from 10:00 AM
until 11:00 PM.
We don't take breaks.
We don't have time off.
We don't have--
we work together,
and we travel together.
And at the end of that, people
can see beyond what they know.
And that is the beginning, the
entrance, into I want more.
I want to know why life
is so precious when
I'm not thinking about life.
>>REGINA: Right, and when
you're actually in the present.
Which is an epidemic
among humanity, is
we're not in the present.
>>SILVERS: But in the
present actually means
you can't remember it,
retain it, or repeat it.
>>REGINA: That's right.
>>SILVERS: You can
only experience it.
And people say, well,
if I experienced
it and I didn't remember it,
then it doesn't have any value.
I need to know what I did.
And that need to know
keeps them from here.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
So let's talk about
the first trip there.
OK, so you had these people.
And then we have a clip
from the film about someone
you call the teacher.
>>SILVERS: Teacher Man.
>>REGINA: Teacher Man.
>>SILVERS: Who is now Ratu Nabe.
Back then, he was
[? Manku. ?] He was a doctor.
Now he has since
become a priest.
So his name has changed.
I can no longer--
I make up names.
I have Coconut Man, Light
Man, Smoker Man, Blower Man.
And he was Blower Man's teacher,
so I named him Teacher Man.
But now we call him Ratu Nabe.
>>REGINA: Ratu Nabe.
So why don't we take a
look at this clip of film.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>WAYAN: After you feel
clean, body and mind,
to study about
spirituality, energy
will be much easier for you to
take everything into your head.
>>MERLIN CLARKE: The first
healer I met with asked me,
why did they take
medicine this morning?
And me, I thought that maybe
I didn't read something.
I wasn't supposed to take
medicine before I saw a healer.
High blood pressure is
really my only ailment.
He was able to see
that I took medication.
Right away I knew
that, yeah, there's
some real shit happening here.
>>RATU NABE:
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>WAYAN: There is block here.
So the metabolism of the blood,
this equation of the blood,
is not good.
[SLAPS LOUDLY]
>>CLARKE: I also
broke my pelvis.
I don't know if that's--
>>SILVERS: That may be
when the block occurred.
>>WAYAN: OK?
>>SILVERS: Better?
>>CLARKE: Yeah.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>SILVERS: Your pancreas?
>>SHEILA HUGHES: Oh, yeah.
Diabetes.
>>SILVERS: You understand
diabetes is in the pancreas?
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
He's found her diabetes.
>>HUGHES: As a
physician, I've always
known that there's
something more
and it's something
different than what we do.
And I think most
physicians know that.
One of the things that I always
tell my patients, like, this
is what it looks like
from a medical five senses
point of view.
This is what you have.
But I have to tell you that
I have seen things and that
cannot be explained.
[GRUNTS]
>>SILVERS: Don't
kick the healer.
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
Her ex-husband strangled
her, choked her?
Her ex-husband?
So this is what all the block--
relaxed breathing.
It's all going away now.
Two seconds, it's all gone.
[COUGHING]
>>REGINA: Hm.
Tell us a little bit
about that woman.
>>SILVERS: The woman
who was choked?
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>>SILVERS: Giada.
She had had quite a bit
of damage from her past,
from her father, from things
that had happened to her.
And what you don't see there--
because this is hundreds
of hours that they audio
taped-- but the healers
don't speak English.
So I have to translate to
Wayan, the translator, what's
going on.
And he has to tell the healer.
And then the healer tells
Wayan what's going on.
So she got very frightened
because it's very overwhelming
when they start working on you.
>>REGINA: In what sense?
>>SILVERS: Your physical,
physiological, mental body
is being worked on, and
things are going through you.
You see her coughing.
And when he touches
you, it's very painful.
And so the reaction is to
kick or protect yourself.
So I'm speaking to them, the
translator to the doctor,
this is what she's
going through.
And I'm speaking to her, this
is what he's doing to you,
so you can be relaxed and calm.
And I'm reading
their bodies to see
what to share with Ratu Nabe.
So she had had at
a lot of things
happen to her from
boyfriends, husbands, father.
>>REGINA: A lot of abuse.
>>SILVERS: Lot of abuse.
And he was clearing that.
And she's been back with me
now-- she's actually a healer.
She's one of my healers
who have learned this work.
And she works for doTERRA.
>>REGINA: The
essential oil company?
>>SILVERS: The
essential oil company.
I have 35 healers
doing this work now,
and it's really neat that the
ones that are attracted to it
first are the ones
that are in places
that can really speak
about it and bring it
into the communities.
>>REGINA: And watching this,
you see percussive movement.
A lot of poking, a lot
of percussive movement,
like slapping,
clapping, and so forth.
Tell us about that
and what the purpose
of those kind of
sharper movements
are, because I would
think it'd be to break up
energy patterns or something.
>>SILVERS: Well, the first,
you see him touching her.
And I have now been
trained to do this.
>>REGINA: When you see him
going over just the energy
field, too, without touching.
So--
>>SILVERS: Well, no.
That's--
>>REGINA: That's
later, or before?
>>SILVERS: Later.
>>REGINA: OK.
So they start--
>>SILVERS: So now that I
have been trained to do this,
I can actually
explain to what it is.
But he's touching her
in very specific points
to see where the blocks are.
I have to you a
little bit harder.
He barely touches you.
He's been doing this
since he was 15.
He barely touches
you, and it really
feels like a hammer hit you.
He then knows
where the block is.
He then puts the energy into
her that dissipates the block
and takes it out.
And he can use a cupping
hand motion to get it deeper.
And if it's in the bone, if it's
somewhere deeper in the body.
And then he pulls it out.
You see him draw his hand
down to pull the energy out.
He'll then go back and put a
healing energy to replace it.
It happens quite quickly,
but there is a lot going on.
So when you see him poking,
he's not really poking.
If you look again, he's
barely touching her.
But it feels like poking.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And all the people--
the people that have
gone over there--
you've talked about some
pretty extreme conditions
where people are in bad shape.
Do they have any idea what
to really expect when they
get there in this experience?
>>SILVERS: I don't take anyone
who isn't a client of mine.
I don't take lookie-loos.
I will do three
retreats back to back,
but 20 to 25 people at a time.
We don't get multiple buses.
And this isn't a
moneymaking venture.
This is really to
journey people.
I do all of this to melt minds.
I don't do it to heal people.
Because the moment
you're healed,
you just run into
the next uh-oh,
whether it's a divorce
or your mother.
That's what life is about.
But to melt the mind
that if this is possible,
what else is there?
>>REGINA: So one of the other
people that you talked about,
which we'll go to in a
minute, was-- how do you say,
"Kuh-kor-dah"?
>>SILVERS: Oh, Cokorda.
Cokorda Rai.
>>REGINA: Cokorda Rai.
Tell us a little bit
about Cokorda Rai.
>>SILVERS: Well, he and I
have been working together 10,
11 years now.
He's very, very old now.
He's not really
with us anymore in--
his body's still here.
But back then, he was someone
that anyone that went to Bali
could find.
You could ask a cab driver.
You could ask in any
restaurant in a booth,
and they would take
you to Cokorda Rai.
If you go to the Four
Seasons, they charge $800
to take you to
Cokorda Rai, which
is so silly because you can just
find him from a cab for $40.
But he's the go-to healer.
If you're in Bali,
you're pretty much not
going to meet a real healer.
You're going to meet the people
that put on the show for the--
what they call [NON-ENGLISH].
The white people.
>>REGINA: Tourists.
>>SILVERS: The tourists.
And again, somehow I've
been able to get people
to trust me enough that
are indigenous to take me
to the local healers
that really are healers.
Cokorda Rai is--
I don't know if I
have a favorite,
but he's one of my favorite
people on the planet.
>>REGINA: Tell us why
before we take a-- so
we want to get your take on
him before we show the clip.
>>SILVERS: He's so kind,
and generous, and connected,
and personable, and available,
and aware, and clear.
And there's nothing going
on but what he's doing.
And again, every
one of these healers
has designed their
own healing trait.
It's not go to the healing
school of Hogwarts.
Ratu Nabe, Teacher
Man, found this
by sitting in his
family's cemetery at 15.
Cokorda found this
by-- he was a bad guy.
He was the motorcycle kind
of bad guys, drink too much,
and run around with women.
And then he heard the
calling, and he ignored it
and ignored it and ignored it,
and found himself in a coma.
And in that coma--
>>REGINA: How did he
end up in the coma?
>>SILVERS: I can't
tell you that.
I'm not--
>>REGINA: You don't--
>>SILVERS: I don't remember.
>>REGINA: Yeah, OK.
>>SILVERS: And came
out of the coma
and knew he had to
become a healer,
and trained himself in
the work that you see.
He touches your
toes to see where
the blocks are in your body.
And he'll go to the body,
and he'll do these yantras
that he's created.
And he's taught hundreds of
people how to do his work.
So as he leaves the planet,
he leaves the work here.
German people and Japanese
people and Australian people
have really practiced his work.
And I've seen them
there practicing it.
>>REGINA: I think this is one of
the things-- most people watch
this and say, oh, well, great.
Well, he's an indigenous person.
Probably learned it from his
mother or his grandfather
or someone, and how
can we ever do that.
But the point is,
these are innate tools
every human being has.
You just have to have the
confidence and awareness
and know-how, and a desire
to be of service, right?
>>SILVERS: It is
one of the reasons
I'm training people here.
It's not for
everyone, and we don't
take everyone that asks to
learn because in this, you
have to know that if you get
angry while you're a healer,
you're going to hurt yourself.
And it's kind of like
giving a four-year-old fire
and sending them
alone to their room.
It's a devotion.
It's not a hat trick.
It's not the new thing
we're doing right now.
It really is something
that you see--
>>REGINA: So if you see a lot
of anger management issues,
they don't come?
>>SILVERS: Well, they
come to my classes,
and they learn to understand
where the anger is coming from.
And. they look underneath it.
>>REGINA: But they're not
going to be trained into this.
>>SILVERS: If they
come to a place
where anger doesn't
rule their light,
or they're not addicted to it,
yeah, then absolutely they can.
I just know that it's my dharma.
And if I train you and you're
not ready, it becomes my karma.
And I'm not interested in that.
But for the people
who have what--
we have a nursery
school teacher doing it.
A woman who trains dogs
for the police department.
The right hand to Reverend
Michael Beckwith at Agape.
We have some really
wonderful, different--
>>REGINA: I love some of the
things coming up for you.
We're going to get
into that, too.
I want to get into all that.
Let's go ahead and take
a look at this kind,
gentle, wonderful man.
Cokorda?
>>SILVERS: Cokorda Rai.
>>REGINA: With Cokorda Rai.
OK.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>>WAYAN: Slow blood.
>>SILVERS: Slow blood.
Yeah, that's your
blood pressure, too,
but affected by your
mind, not by your body. .
But America only knows that the
body is the body is the body.
Doesn't understand
the connection.
Wow, look at that.
That's still stuck.
So he's going to open this.
So your blood pressure
is from yesterday, too.
We're helping all different
areas of the same.
[MAN GROANS]
There you go.
Almost feels like he's touching
a different point, huh?
>>AUDIENCE: So much better.
>>SILVERS: Oh, my.
>>AUDIENCE: Oh my god.
>>SILVERS: Wow.
He completely opened that.
>>AUDIENCE: What?
Wow.
>>SILVERS: It stayed down
for, like, five minutes.
Now it's just popping back up.
This isn't new world.
This is old world.
This is before me we're
trained to believe,
go out to get healing.
>>REGINA: You know, when I
watch something like that,
it really registers the
arrogance of the Western model.
>>SILVERS: I don't
think it's arrogance.
I think it's fear.
>>REGINA: Maybe
just ignorance, too.
Not having exposure.
>>SILVERS: But remember,
to ignore something,
being ignorant,
you have to ignore.
>>REGINA: You have
to ignore it, yeah.
>>SILVERS: You have to
know it's already there,
but you're not
ready to look yet.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>SILVERS: I don't
see right and wrong.
I don't see good and bad.
I don't see people that won't.
I see everyone
coming to the center.
>>REGINA: That's a much
healthier way to look at it.
I look at it and
think, why can't we
just let go and start to
embrace some of this other--
>>SILVERS: But look
at what peace is.
It's not P-I-E-C-E,
it's P-E-A-C-E.
You have to learn to understand
not to have an opinion about.
I don't think there
are bad people.
I think everyone's
doing the best they can,
and it's unfortunate that
is the best they can.
But that doesn't make them bad.
It gives them opportunity
of a new place to walk,
should they choose
to in this lifetime.
>>REGINA: I agree with that.
On the other hand,
I also think there
are very specific
means about going about
in creating ridicule
in the Western world
for other factions to be able to
keep the profit margins going.
Don't look to the
natural healing.
Don't look to validate people
like these lovely individuals.
>>SILVERS: I don't
disagree with you,
but you can't fix
something broken.
But you can see something whole.
>>REGINA: You can, and you
can go around that and make
your own choices of engagement.
But it still ticks
me off that it's
being ridiculed in this
country, because that time
has to come to an
end at some point.
>>SILVERS: I know one of the
heads of Cedars-Sinai Cancer,
and I called everyone
I knew to get in there.
And they all said,
sorry, you can't.
We can't.
It can't.
We won't.
And someone sent
a young lady to me
who needed desperately
to have a healing.
She had stage IV cancer
come back in her spine.
About 35 years old.
Had to slipped disks.
Couldn't use her right arm.
Couldn't use her right leg.
Someone brought her to
me about four months ago.
And she looked me in the
eye with tears and said,
my dream is, when I get
married in four months,
to be able to walk
down the aisle.
And after I did the first
healing on her, I said,
I promise you you'll be
able to walk down the aisle.
I'm not sure you'll be able
to stand the whole time,
but you'll be able to
walk down the aisle.
And I took her through
some techniques
to begin practicing
walking after we
put the slipped disks back in.
She came back a week later,
and she was off her walker.
She had full control
over her hand.
I was walking out of a
movie theater the other day,
and my assistant sent me a
picture of her not only walking
down the aisle, but dancing
with her father at her wedding.
And I literally--
I just started heave-crying
at what's possible.
If you believe in possibility--
I always say believe
in the unbelievable
until the unbelievable
becomes believable.
Don't talk about what's not
believable ever for any reason
because you're
wasting your time.
She was working with one of the
heads of Cedars-Sinai Cancer.
And he said, what on
earth have you done?
And she talked about me.
And we now have a pilot
program at Cedars-Sinai
where they're studying
all of my clients.
>>REGINA: This is so exciting.
>>SILVERS: But this isn't
not yellow pages, Google,
friends-of-friends research.
This is all just doing
what's in front of you,
and not looking at
what isn't working,
and knowing that
God will guide you.
Whether it's to Bali,
or to Cedars-Sinai,
or wherever it is
you need to be.
There's no opinion.
There's just serve.
>>REGINA: So how's this
happen in Cedars-Sinai?
How are they going
to engage with this?
>>SILVERS: Well,
they're not allowed
to bring us in because
of all of the red tape.
But they are sending
clients to me.
And I'm working on them, and
then I'm sending them back,
and they're doing the research.
They're doing the blood
tests and the X-rays
and whatever it is on
that particular client
that they need to work
with so that they can see,
as their clients are going into
NED, No Evidence of Disease.
In America, we know remission.
My cancer is in remission,
and everybody gets so excited.
But we don't know NED,
which is shocking to me,
because NED is no
evidence of disease.
And I have hundreds
of clients now.
I work on pictures remotely,
as well as in person, that--
two-year-olds, 50-year-olds,
people with brain tumors.
It's not gone away
for the time being.
It's not better.
There is no evidence of disease
ever having been in their body.
So Cedars is now-- we're
in a pilot program where
they're doing the research
so that eventually--
time has no meaning to me.
Time and I broke up
a long time ago. .
I don't know time.
But I do know we
will be in Cedars,
and there will be a room for
chemo, a room for cutting off
limbs, and a room for healers.
And you'll be able to choose.
>>REGINA: I think
you're right on that.
And it's this kind
of study that's
going to make that possible.
>>SILVERS: That's right.
>>REGINA: And so is it
any particular department
you're engaged with?
>>SILVERS: Right now, cancer.
>>REGINA: Cancer, OK.
And you've done this.
So you--
>>SILVERS: It's happening.
It's occurring.
>>REGINA: It's occurring.
You have the experience already.
You have the evidence by
people who, as you say,
are in the NED state.
>>SILVERS: Correct.
>>REGINA: And this is a
really big part of it,
is people may understand, like
watching this interview, that's
in me, too.
I can do this.
But the process of developing
confidence in oneself
is a big part of all of this.
>>SILVERS: You
know, that's my job.
My job is to show
them impossible.
And when they see
Impossible, they
go, OK, what else is there?
And there's more
and more and more.
And organically,
things that weren't
working, that were
broken, that were
out of order, that
were impossible,
they just show up on them.
They're not the
doer of the deed.
They're the receiver
of the deed.
And they are inspired
to play the game.
They then want more.
It's an organic walk.
And everyone's different.
It's not everyone
becomes the same.
They're all looking for
what they're looking for.
But when we step through the
mirror to the other side and we
see that the only thing
we couldn't take with us
was our mind, but that we got
so much more than our mind.
And we can look
back and say, wow,
my mind is so much smaller
than I thought it was because I
never thought to think--
right?
We all mistake our
own field of vision
for the field of
vision of the world.
>>REGINA: Of course.
We have so many filters.
Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: And when we
see that all I have to do
is go beyond what I know, and
there lies everything else.
It is a field with which
awaits the play of the game.
These are the people that are
coming to me, whether they have
seen the documentary on Gaia,
or they've heard about it
through a friend.
Because now I have
healers that are
in Spain and across America.
They're coming to me to
learn how to do this.
And once they're ready, I
can teach them in six weeks.
>>REGINA: Yes, and that's
the part I was talking about.
You learn the means
of reading energy,
you learn the means of balancing
the energy, and so forth.
The confidence.
To gain the confidence.
>>SILVERS: Nope.
You don't gain the
confidence first.
You heal someone
with your hands.
It's like when a baby
walks, half the time.
>>REGINA: I'm saying, you have
to do it and see the results.
>>SILVERS: The first time
I took a group to Bali,
and the first group
that became healers--
I'll never forget Ali.
I had taken a suite in the hotel
so we had a room for training.
And I laid someone
down on the bed,
and I said to the young girl who
trains the dogs for the police
department.
And I said, OK, go touch her.
And she did.
And the woman had broken spine.
And she did a healing on her.
And the woman got up, and her
spine was no longer broken.
You would think that
this woman met God.
Ali was jumping up and down.
She kept leaving the
room and running back in,
and looking at
her, and screaming.
And this is the confidence
that is due all of us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Our biggest
stumbling block is we
have little faith in
ourselves because we
don't understand the
immensity of what
we're capable of already.
>>SILVERS: I also think this
work is building that faith.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>SILVERS: It's not when
you have faith, you can.
It's come little
children, come to the feet
of see what's possible.
And they join.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I agree.
I find that in my own life.
You do it, and you
say, did that happen?
And now the confidence
starts building and building
where, over time,
it's just natural.
You just know, and coming
into that state of knowing.
>>SILVERS: And then, as they
begin to do the healing,
they start to see they can
actually look at a body
and see where the ailment is.
Because your mind,
body, spirit is
getting trained to understand.
>>REGINA: Right.
And you teach them
that top to bottom?
>>SILVERS: Mm-hmm.
>>REGINA: OK.
And now, are you using your
own methodology in doing this?
Or are you using a combination
of the Balinese methods?
>>SILVERS: Oh no, we're trained
within an inch of our life
in the hospital in
Indonesia how to do
exactly this particular chant
and these exact particular
movements.
>>REGINA: So you
follow the protocols
because they're proven?
>>SILVERS: Yes, proven
for thousands of years.
But it's Sanskrit in that
I have to place it in you.
How many people have been
doing Kundalini yoga forever,
but they can't get fire,
they can't create heat?
Once it's placed in you,
and you have that heat,
and you know how to
carry it up the spine
and bring it through you.
I always say, we are the cord.
The ailing person is the iPhone.
And the energy that we've
been entering to tap into
is the outlet in the wall.
We are the cord.
I don't know what
I'm doing to you.
You have to tell
me when I touch you
if you feel the pain in
you or the discourse.
I then do the healing,
connected to the outlet.
And then I touch you again.
And if the pain is gone
and the ailment is gone,
we know it worked.
But I don't get to say it works.
I get to just be the cord.
>>REGINA: Right.
OK, so, now, some of
the conditions that you
witnessed when you were
there or were part of.
One of them had to do
with the person that
was suffering from a
possession, is that correct?
>>SILVERS: OK, no.
Yes, but these were
Balinese people.
So I got there, and I said, I'd
like to learn how to do this.
And the teacher,
through the translator,
told us that it would take
a minimum of four years.
And I said--
>>REGINA: Did this have to do
with possession, or other--
>>SILVERS: No, no,
no, this is just the--
I'm going to tell
you how I got there.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>SILVERS: So in three days
time, I met with this man,
the head of the
hospital, Ratu Nabe.
And I said, please
teach me how to do this.
I never thought I'd
be able to do it.
I'm not Balinese.
But I wanted my clients to
see beyond the veil of what
they were doing.
So I said, show me.
And in a three-day period,
he showed me some things.
And then, all of a sudden,
and through the translator,
he put his hand out and
he said, touch my finger.
And I didn't know what
he was talking about.
I touched his finger, and he
goes, we'll try next year.
And I looked at
Wayan, the translator.
And I said, what does
he want me to do?
Tell me, I don't understand.
And Wayan said, next year.
And I said, knock it off.
Translate.
And he said, he wanted
you to touch his finger
to see if he could feel
that you had the energy.
I said, well, you
didn't tell me that.
And I demanded, which
you shouldn't do,
that he give me a second chance.
And I locked--
>>REGINA: And you pumped up.
>>SILVERS: --and I
mustered, and I touched him,
and there it was.
He then said the next day, we
have a social once a month,
and it's tomorrow.
And I'm going to
take you with me,
and I'm going to ask
you to heal people.
And I looked at him
like he was insane,
and I said, what are
you talking about?
Because I had been told it
takes four years to learn.
I had been told all
of these things.
And here, now, he said, I
have ordained you as a healer,
and you're going with me.
And we must have had 40 or--
>>REGINA: We have
a clip of that.
We're going to show the clip.
>>SILVERS: Great.
>>REGINA: Should we do it now?
>>SILVERS: As you like.
>>REGINA: Or do you
want to set it up?
>>SILVERS: There were 40
or 50 of his healers there,
and they donate their
time for free, which
we do in America now, too.
He's asked us to do it,
and that's what we do.
Once a month, you invite
people you don't know,
and you heal them
for fun and for free.
And we went, and my students
and I went, and there
they all were with 1,000
people that nobody knew
that had come to have healings.
And he looked at
me, and he said,
go touch that woman's toe.
And I did, and I threw
her into a trance.
And like my client Ali,
I'm jumping up down,
and I'm crying, and
I'm in disbelief.
And I'm, what's going on?
And I'm clearly out of my
pay grade at that moment.
I stood back, and he did the
healing to take it out of her.
As he was doing that, another
man went into a trance.
I must say this, is
indigenous to Bali.
Have been doing this
now for years and years,
and I have never had
anyone go into a trance.
I've never had anyone have
anything like this in America.
But there, we were
experiencing--
oh, my goodness.
When the gentleman went into
the trance, one of the healers
who was holding
whatever he needed
to be holding for
another healer,
he seemed to catch
this bad energy,
and he went into a trance.
And we're all standing there.
>>REGINA: So trance state is
part of the Balinese culture.
>>SILVERS: It
absolutely is, and they
believed we would bring it
back to America with us.
And I think I'm so
clean, and I'm not
interested in any
of that, and I'm not
interested in playing
in any of that.
And I have seen no
evidence of it here.
I've seen people kind
of lose their minds when
I'm working on them, but I
can quickly bring them back.
I'm not interested in trips.
I'm interested in melting minds.
This was an
outstanding experience.
>>REGINA: OK, let's look at it.
OK.
This is a Balinese
healing social.
>>SILVERS: Balinese
social, yeah.
[MAN SHOUTING UNCONTROLLABLY]
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
[MAN SOBBING]
[MAN SHOUTING INCOHERENTLY]
It just goes to show
how powerful energy is.
And just because I
don't quite understand
it doesn't mean
that it's not there.
And how profound anything can
be when people believe it.
>>WAYAN: When he tried
to help the patient--
>>SILVERS: Yeah, it transferred.
>>WAYAN: Yeah, it
transferred from the--
>>SILVERS: Patient.
>>WAYAN: From the
patient and from the man,
from the people that meet
the patient, his problem.
Because sometimes when our mind
is not aware and the Kundalini
not --
>>SILVERS: High.
>>WAYAN: High.
>>SILVERS: It can come in.
>>REGINA: You know, when
I was watching that man,
my first thought was, oh,
the poor baby, that he'd been
living with that inside him.
>>SILVERS: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And so they were
able to help him release it.
And you can see it's
almost like he's
had an epileptic
seizure or something,
and he's recovering from it.
Do you notice this in--
because the notion
of possession seems
to be commonly understood
and acknowledged
in indigenous cultures.
>>SILVERS: What I know it to
be true in America is disease.
So that that is in this man
that we see coming out of him,
we cut limbs off or
put chemotherapy.
And where does it come from?
It comes from anger,
jealousy, discourse,
disbelief, low self-esteem.
I'm mad at you for
being mad at me,
so I'm sending my mad to you,
but it's getting stuck in me.
And it festers and it
grows, very much like--
we use a cell phone
to make a call.
I believe at the top
of the back of the neck
where the spine and
brain connect is
where the master cell phone is.
And we have a cell phone
that, every time something
comes through, that the
brain has a secretion.
And it downloads according
to a thought-mind-body
that we had that
we send that down.
And all the little
cell phones pick it up.
And he says, I'm sending
this to your arm,
or I'm sending this to blood.
And it cleans and
moves through our body,
which is how the body listens.
We're like a Trojan horse.
But you open it up,
and inside there's
all these trillions of
little things going on.
And they're listening to the
synapses connects of here's
where we go.
When something like cancer comes
through, the body, the DNA,
doesn't know it.
So the master cell
phone connector goes, I
don't know what to do with you.
So it's just kind of going
down the river of the body.
Gets stuck at the
part of the body
with the greatest weakness.
And it's just one white blood
cell, and it just sits there,
and it's nothing.
And over time, every time I
see that person I have anger,
or whatever the discourse is
in me, that secretion happens,
sends down that white blood cell
that now, as it comes through,
the master cell
calls and goes, oh, I
know where your brother is.
Go there.
And it starts sending
it to the weakness.
Whether it's an ear infection,
or in the heart, or the blood,
or the limbs.
And it sends it there.
And over 20 or 30 years,
it's like a festering disease
that happens inside until we,
in our modern day medicine,
can pick it up.
And at that point, it's
generally too late.
You can't disassociate
it, dissipate it.
You have to cut it
out or burn it out
or whatever the mode
of transportation is we
have an America.
Because remember, most of
these third-world countries
are 6,000 years old.
America's 300 years old.
So I look at them as 60 years
old, and we're three years.
>>REGINA: Well, and in
a lot of these cultures,
they're not turning to chemo
and radiation for cancer.
>>SILVERS: Well,
they can't afford it.
>>REGINA: They can't afford it.
>>SILVERS: They can't afford it.
>>REGINA: So they have to
go with their knowledge.
>>SILVERS: Well, nobody just
watches their loved ones die.
They do everything they can.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>SILVERS: The
gift that they hold
for us is their fathers
to fathers to fathers
to fathers of old
world medicine.
I am not against
new world medicine
in any way, shape, or form.
But when we combine the two,
and we find the usefulness in--
how would you say,
like, the missing links
in our medical world, and how
we can extrapolate that and add
to causing and bringing in a
wider range of what's possible
and how we look at it
so that where you see
these people going
into a trance,
I see someone with miscarriage
after miscarriage, or heart
disease, or their eyes--
I had a gentleman
that came to me
a couple of weeks ago who hadn't
been able to smell or taste
in 10 years.
Now, that's two of
your five senses.
That's a very big loss
to a physical body.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, and
to your engagement with this
world.
>>SILVERS: I did one
five-minute healing on him,
and he can smell and
taste everything.
It took five minutes.
But we just give up because
we don't have another place
to look.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>SILVERS: So I think
disease in the body, when
you can understand how it
got there, why it's there,
and how to become
more aware than it is,
then it's not a
trance we go into.
It's actually a
healing that occurs.
>>REGINA: What about the more
classic indigenous version
of it, where they feel
that it's actually
the influence of another entity,
perhaps in another realm?
>>SILVERS: I am doing my best
not to go there during this
show, but you keep
going there, so I will--
>>REGINA: Yes, because
it's part of our reality.
>>SILVERS: It is,
but it scares people.
And my work is already--
>>REGINA: You're OK here.
You're safe.
This audience is
very open-minded.
>>SILVERS: OK.
>>REGINA: So you
don't have to be
nervous about talking about
it and frightening people.
We go in far scarier places, OK?
>>SILVERS: OK.
I will trust you.
>>REGINA: Yes, thank you.
OK.
Please share.
>>SILVERS: Like I
said, Bali to me
is 60 years old where
we're three years old.
That the karma in
these countries is--
they've gone from so much war
and disease and death and feast
and famine.
And they have seen--
>>REGINA: Collective trauma.
>>SILVERS: --over
such a long period
of time that they know that the
five sensory intellect doesn't
work anymore.
It's karmic.
So dharma is where
you get the way it is.
There is no thought it just is.
Karma is when you don't get the
way it is, so the mind sets off
an offshoot in order to present
something in the world in front
of you so that you can see
your internal self externally
so that you have a game to play
to learn your internal self.
I think of it as the
boy in the bubble--
remember the boy in the bubble?
Like a baby in amniotic
fluid, without being attached
to the mother, and without
that urination of its food
that it's getting through
the umbilical cord.
It doesn't build
the amniotic fluid
that its lungs develop in.
And that fluid, the moment
we're born, it breaks,
we cut the cord, and we
come into the outside world.
The moment we begin to think, we
start to build that fluid again
like the boy in the bubble
where every thought that we have
is within the confines
of our own self
that we're looking through.
That when I see you,
I see from me to you,
not a clarity of what you are.
>>REGINA: No, it's your filter.
>>SILVERS: And the
karma that I am
is the amniotic fluid
that fills in my bubble
of every out-of-order
thought I've ever had.
Which we don't have enough
time on this show, but--
>>REGINA: No, we won't
go into it in depth.
But we hear--
>>SILVERS: --talk about
how those thoughts come in.
So that when I look through
my bubble, what I see
is what I know that
I then opinionate
as, it belongs to you.
When it's dharmic,
there's clarity.
There's no amniotic fluid.
It's clear.
I can see through God.
I can see totality.
I don't see through me.
When it's karmic,
it's from my history
through me to you that
gives me the game to play.
In Bali, they are
so far in advance
of what we are afraid of here
that they have learned to throw
black magic at each other.
>>REGINA: That was the word
that I wasn't going to bring in,
but I know is true.
>>SILVERS: It is true.
And I want nothing
to do with it,
and it's not in the
realm I play it.
But I know black
magic is disease.
I know that anywhere
that it's been thrown
on us that, tag, you're it.
You caught that hot potato.
And now it's your
karmic world duty
to find your own
beyond where I am.
And most people die
with the disease.
But there are a lot
of us that actually
go beyond it, that learn
about it, learn through it,
and become a part
of something greater
than our own individuality
as a rite of passage
that takes us into beyond that.
These people have
developed, through days
and weeks and months and years
and decades and millennia--
they literally live in a
different kind of universe
than we live in.
>>REGINA: That's what I
wanted to get to here.
It is quite different.
And it doesn't mean that
we're not surrounded
with many species of life.
Beings, even, that
we can't see, that
are just slightly phased
off in their own realities,
in their own worlds.
And sometimes these
worlds interface,
and sometimes it can cause
a disturbance in a person
by way of association
in that way.
And so, in your
work, you really try
to take it and look at the
effects that are knocked on
from however we
come out of balance
and taken into disease, into
our psychospiritual, physical
world.
>>SILVERS: Absolutely, but
I can teach people the math
so they understand it.
That takes the fear away.
So when you see the shadow,
and you look, and it's gone,
and your mind goes, oh, I
thought I saw something.
What you don't understand
is, you did see a shadow,
but your two eyes that are
connected to your intellect
are not advanced enough to
actually see the shadow.
So
When you learn to commune with
the shadow, so your third eye,
yourself beyond before your
intellectual ideas of I'm
a woman, I'm this
age, I am good or bad,
that that third eye
that can actually
commune with the shadow
world can learn to step in.
And when you step in, it always
can only be God holding you.
>>REGINA: Yeah, it has
to be without fear.
>>SILVERS: It has to be without
fear, because if you step in
with fear, what are you
magnetically attracting?
>>REGINA: Well, and that's the
only reason I brought it up.
You just said, so great.
And because we only
have a few minutes left,
I wanted to talk about--
you have kind of a
saying that I think
is very practical
and very important.
And that is that every
home should have a healer.
>>SILVERS: Well, every
home has a computer.
Every home deserves a healer.
>>REGINA: I agree, and this can
be taught to children with such
ease because they don't have the
filters to believe they can't.
So talk about how you do this.
>>SILVERS: So many of
my clients' children--
I've also been a parenting
teacher for the last 30 years.
So many of my clients
that have children
are teaching it
to their children.
And they all come to me.
And I work with a lot
of children with cancer.
So when they come
in, they're adorable.
When I work on them, they cry.
And it's not
pleasant, but I know
that I'm there to help them.
I'm not harming them.
As soon as they're done,
they want to be in my arms
and they love me again.
So there is this
connection that happens
that's non-intellectual.
And like animals,
children feel talked at.
We look at them like
they're over there.
We don't commune with them.
And when you are connected
to them, they feel it.
They come sit on your lap.
They're like, oh,
you can see me.
People can't see me.
They talk at me and
tell me what to do,
but they're not interconnected,
interrelated with me.
So as we teach these
children-- and it's so cute
because I'll have
my healers there.
And we'll all be firing up,
is what I call it, together.
And we'll be doing this.
And the little kids can say
it, and they can repeat it.
And when we practice
the energy in our hands,
they're practicing the energy.
And they come over,
because you can
feel the energy in my hands,
and they'll stick their hand in,
and they can feel it.
And then you see them sit
down, and they practice it.
And then they go to
school, and they play it
with their friends.
And their friends
are all practicing it
because no one's told them--
>>REGINA: I love this, yeah.
>>SILVERS: --they can't.
In April, I'm going to
have my first child.
And I'm already very clear
that this grandchild will never
have teething problems
or diaper rash,
because we'll just
heal him, little Hank.
And as he grows up, he'll
see what grandma is doing,
and he'll just mimic it.
Because if grandma is
doing it, it must be good.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
That's wonderful.
I had a wonderful
experience with my son
at one point where I was
doing these things on him,
with him, when he was younger.
He had migraines, and I would
work with energy with him.
And then he was just very
sensitive, and he learned that.
And when I needed it many
years later, he was there,
and he just knew what to do.
That's the most amazing kind of
active giving, as human beings,
we can give to each
other is this ability
to care for one another
and ultimately even assist
in each other's healing.
>>SILVERS: I'm so proud to
hear you tell that story.
That's really, really
beautiful and important.
We pay attention to
what is, not what isn't.
>>REGINA: Mm-hmm, exactly.
Well, my dear, thank you.
What wonderful
abilities you have.
And you're now with people--
you're teaching regularly?
I mean, you have ongoing
classes, so people can come in?
>>SILVERS: We have
ongoing classes,
but if they are interested
in becoming a healer,
our next round is in January.
And then in April, we go
to Bali to be initiated.
>>REGINA: All right, OK.
Well, I'm sure you'll
be packed, as always.
And thank you for
bringing yourself here
and for sharing your
experience with us,
because I think it's
important that we all
understand this is within us.
It is within our capabilities.
We just have to
learn how to tap it.
And you have one of the
means of tapping it.
And teaching it.
>>SILVERS: Thank
you for having me.
>>REGINA: You're most welcome.
Thanks, Candace.
Again, to learn more, you can
go to candacesilversstudio.com,
and perhaps even join
her in a journey to Bali.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[MUSIC PLAYING]